c:\users\utpaext\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.exe
c:\users\utpaext\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.pdb
c:\users\utpaext\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\InTheHand.Net.Personal.dll
c:\users\utpaext\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\utpaext\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\utpaext\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\utpaext\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\utpaext\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.exe
c:\users\utpaext\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.pdb
C:\Users\utpaext\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Joel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.exe
C:\Users\Joel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.pdb
C:\Users\Joel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.exe
C:\Users\Joel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.pdb
C:\Users\Joel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\InTheHand.Net.Personal.dll
C:\Users\Joel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Joel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Joel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Joel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\Joel\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\utpaext\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.exe
C:\Users\utpaext\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.pdb
C:\Users\utpaext\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.exe
C:\Users\utpaext\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.pdb
C:\Users\utpaext\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\InTheHand.Net.Personal.dll
C:\Users\utpaext\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\utpaext\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.Form1.resources
C:\Users\utpaext\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\utpaext\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\utpaext\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\utpaext\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\config.txt
C:\Users\utpaext\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.Form2.resources
C:\Users\agarzaz82\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.exe
C:\Users\agarzaz82\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.pdb
C:\Users\agarzaz82\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\agarzaz82\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.Form1.resources
C:\Users\agarzaz82\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.Form2.resources
C:\Users\agarzaz82\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\agarzaz82\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\agarzaz82\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\agarzaz82\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\config.txt
C:\Users\agarzaz82\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.exe
C:\Users\agarzaz82\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.pdb
C:\Users\agarzaz82\Desktop\CE\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\InTheHand.Net.Personal.dll
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.exe
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.pdb
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\config.txt
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.exe
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.pdb
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\InTheHand.Net.Personal.dll
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\jruiz\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\config.txt
C:\Users\jruiz\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.exe
C:\Users\jruiz\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.pdb
C:\Users\jruiz\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\InTheHand.Net.Personal.dll
C:\Users\jruiz\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jruiz\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.Form1.resources
C:\Users\jruiz\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.Form2.resources
C:\Users\jruiz\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\jruiz\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\jruiz\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\jruiz\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.exe
C:\Users\jruiz\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.pdb
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\ce\Projects\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.g.resources
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.exe
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.pdb
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\config.txt
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.exe
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.pdb
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\bin\Debug\InTheHand.Net.Personal.dll
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.Form2.resources
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
C:\Users\Joel\Desktop\RoboticsChallenge\RoboticsChallenge\obj\x86\Debug\RoboticsChallenge.g.resources
